Fixes for README.md (#331)
owncloud/docs-ui: README.md

```Shell
yarn install
```

## Prepared Yarn Commands

> To get all prepared yarn commands run following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get all prepared yarn commands run the following command:
```

   - bundle
      gulp pack
   - lint
      gulp lint
   - preview
      gulp preview
question Which command would you like to run?:
```

Please see the [documentation](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/run/)
for more information about the the `yarn run` command.

### Preview Changes Using ownCloud Documentation

If you want to preview your changes to the UI using the ownCloud documentation instead of demo content then you need to build a local copy of `ui-bundle.zip` and use it when generating the ownCloud documentation in your local development machine.

To do this, run the following command in the root directory of your `docs-ui` clone:

```console
yarn bundle
```

When built, the UI bundle will be available in directory `build/ui-bundle.zip`
Assuming that your local copy of the docs-ui repository is at the same level as your local copy of the docs directory, then in your docs repository’s root directory, run the following command:

```console
yarn antora \
    --url http://localhost:8080 \
    --ui-bundle-url ../docs-ui/build/ui-bundle.zip
```

Follow the [instructions][link-preview] to preview the documentation with the changes made.

## Previewing Changes Locally

> The following examples will runs a demo Antora **build** (_not ownCloud_) for the documentation site which can be **accessed** on your local development machine at `http://localhost:5252`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example runs a demo Antora **build** (_not ownCloud_) for the documentation site which can be **accessed** on your local development machine at `http://localhost:5252`.
```
